# Welcome to DataScienceFundementalsPRO

_Exploring Spotify Popularity Through Genre, Musical Features, and Artist-Level Trends__V1.pdf_ is the file that contains the presention of the guided discussion through the Spotify Music Dataset. It explores the methods for defining correlations between Spotifies characteristic analysis of ~4K songs and any relation to their popularity score. 

The majority of the work is contained in _data_sciencePRO_final (1).ipynb_ document. It containes additional discussion about the behavior of the music dataset, as well as the discussion about linear regression attempts.

The _covariance_matrix.txt_ is an artifact from the PCA modeling. It displays the covariance of all the numeric characteristics in the datset (mirrored on the diagonal). 

Work pertaining to PCA is contained within **Scripts**. 

Graphs generated by scripts are contained in **Output**.

The dataset is stored in **Data**.


# Workflow for branch merge

## 1. Prepare a Branch

Create a version of your code you want to share on your branch
then in a terminal open at your project directory


## 2. Update your local "main" and merge "main" into "your-branch-name"

`git checkout main`

`git pull origin main`

`git checkout your-branch-name`

`git merge main`


## 3. Add, Commit and Push

`git add .` (adds all, you can choose select files)

`git commit -m "Merge main into your-branch-name"`

`git push --set-upstream origin your-branch-name` (first time)


## 4. Create Pull Request

Then on github website, select the pull request tab and 
create new pull request on your-branch-name.

Then fill in the title with 
__your-branch-name | describe your branch.__
Add additional details in the description.


## 5. Have a little party :tada:

Then reach out to your merge reviewer 

